ENH Add support for sparse `importance_getter` in `RFE` and `SelectFromModel` (#33786)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.feature_selection/33786.enhancement.rst

- :class:`feature_selection.SelectFromModel` and :class:`feature_selection.RFE`
  now support estimators whose feature importance is a sparse matrix or array

>   (e.g., as produced by linear models' ``sparsify()`` method). Previously,
>   they would only handle dense NumPy arrays, causing errors when a sparse
>   ``coef_`` was passed via ``importance_getter``.
>   By :user:`andymucyo-ops <andymucyo-ops>` and
>   :user:`isaacambrogetti <isaacambrogetti>`.

Reviewer: I would suggest the following.

```suggestion
- :class:`feature_selection.SelectFromModel` and :class:`feature_selection.RFE`
  now support estimators whose feature importance is a sparse matrix or array, notably
  by passing a user-defined callable to the parameter `importance_getter`.
  By :user:`andymucyo-ops <andymucyo-ops>` and
  :user:`isaacambrogetti <isaacambrogetti>`.
```

- :class:`feature_selection.SelectFromModel` and :class:`feature_selection.RFE`

>   now support estimators whose ``coef_`` attribute is a sparse matrix or array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  now support estimators whose feature importance is a sparse matrix or array
```

>   (e.g., as produced by linear models' ``sparsify()`` method). Previously,

Reviewer: I think that we can skip the `e.g.`

>   the internal ``_get_feature_importances()`` function only handled dense

Reviewer: We can also skip the mention of private function (starting with `_`) since it is not user facing.
